hello now i will show you how
You can decorate your desktop for
start changing the topic to change the topic
You need to patch your program system
and did not return the patcher loan from me
32-bit system you put it under
we start we choose english
in all three lines click restore
after that your windows restarts
and you can already proceed to the installation itself
Topics
Download any of those you like.
on the internet I already downloaded it go in
windows folder restore resource themes
we throw everything here all the content we run
the topic should wait a bit as we see
the theme is set now we change the icons
desktop
to make this mode just download
program and cap
here you can select icons that are already
provided by this program
either upload yours to upload yours
icons from the Internet as we skip throw
to any place and you click is from disk
and choose the path or from your icon I
I will not bother much I just
I will choose here which are valid
let it be from the Thais
all icons changed pretty quickly
now we change the mouse cursor for this
need to find in c windows
cursors download certain mouse cursor
from whom you like I have already downloaded it
We throw the entire folder here then
go to the control panel
the mouse and here and change here on my
approach name click on apply it
okay everything is ready the mouse is changed now
let's change
start icon or he is strong here
stands out with this interface
for this you need windows 7 start programs
button click all easier not start
button and appears
whose icons are provided in
I have a lot of them
you can choose whatever you want
let's let it be this
As you can see the icon has changed if you do not
like the icon you can click restore
Arinin explorer and she will return to
standard condition
Now how to change the dialog box
very simple dialogue but it is an input system
Venus when you choose your
user need a wreath program here
such a picture is worth me
upload also your love for you want
either choose from the existing I
I'll choose this one, I press the apple a little
wait all ready your desktop
became more interesting
Than the standard can be thousands
certain gadgets for your system
all everyone, thank you all
All links I will give below the description